love
trying to push the outer
edges of the envelope of
what the pain experience is in a
physical sense
pain is truly the only thing that's ever
gotten me to change so it's been
my growth accelerator as well as my
reminder of when i've gone astray
everybody welcome
our goal with this show and company is
to introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams
all right today's guest is an extremely
accomplished ultra endurance athlete
best-selling author and host of one of
the biggest podcasts on the planet and
proving the age is really just a number
he began his athletic career in earnest
in his 40s after a medical scare that
made him realize the importance of
living a healthy lifestyle and what
began as an attempt to simply not die
became an obsession that saw him
completely transform his life in 2009
after decades of alcohol addiction and
just two years after being 50 pounds
overweight and sitting on the couch for
exercise at the age of 43 he won stage 1
of the ultraman by 10 minutes a
seemingly impossible feat when you
realize that the ultraman is a three-day
320 mile double ironman distance
triathlon to top that accomplishment he
raced the epic five which is five
ironmen on five hawaiian islands in just
over five days and not long after
turning 50 he and his partner were the
number one finishing american team in
the otillo swim run world championships
which is a race where you run on land
and then swim in the 50-some degree
baltic sea transitioning from running to
swimming 52
times
and did i mention that he did it when he
was 50 years old not surprisingly men's
health named him one of the 25 fittest
men in the world and he is regularly
named to other high profile annual lists
of the most influential people in the
health and fitness space he's been
featured on cnn the new york times
forbes and countless other media outlets
for his laundry list of insane
accomplishments
so please help me in welcoming the man
whose podcast has been downloaded more
than 30 million times the best-selling
author of finding ultra rich
dude it's so good to have you on the
show
excited to talk to you man we met
through a mutual friend ryan holliday
researching you was really a lot of fun
and that's one of the ways that i judge
who to bring on the show is am i really
going to enjoy
researching them
and i'll admit my bias was i thought
that you were going to be primarily
talking about fitness and nutrition
which obviously is a huge part of it but
there's just so much more there and the
thing that i really found interesting
was your relationship to pain
so i wanted to start there what is your
relationship to pain
my relationship with pain runs deep uh
and
and it's complicated
uh
on the one hand uh
i love pain i love trying to push the
outer
edges of the envelope of
what the pain experience is in a
physical sense
and it's also
been my greatest teacher in terms of
things that i've accomplished but also
um
my errant ways as well
pain is truly the only thing that's ever
gotten me to change
so it's been
my growth accelerator as well as my
reminder of when i've gone astray
that's what i found so interesting about
it is in the one hand you talk about how
you you have to get really comfortable
with pain if you want to be able to push
yourself to the kinds of extremes that
you do but then that pain is this also
really powerful
thing that can force you to change so i
want to talk more about that how have
you been able to leverage that i find
that pain
often causes people to
they go into endurance mode and they
just like endure the pain but they never
actually
um you use the word leverage you said i
i knew if i could
leverage this pain i could really make
change what is that mechanism of really
grabbing a hold of it and making it into
something usable
um i think it's learning to embrace it
and not being afraid of it and you know
for me it goes all the way back to when
i was a young child i mean i was a very
awkward
insecure kid
who had a lot of difficulty
making friends and and figuring out what
the rules for for life were and i was
also somebody who was not
athletically inclined at all
i was the kid with the eye patch and the
headgear picked last for kickball and
all of that
but the one thing that i was actually
fairly okay at was swimming and when
you're good at something when you're a
kid and you're having difficulty in
other areas that's what you're going to
gravitate towards and
and that's what i did uh
and i learned
quickly that i was not the most talented
swimmer
but in my early teens i realized
that if i was willing to put in the work
and do
certain things that other people weren't
willing to do
that i could bridge that talent gap and
pick up a lot of white space
and that meant getting comfortable with
pain to bring it back to your question
so throughout my teens i would i would
routinely
throw down crazy sets in the pool that
no one was willing to do and i was doing
it because i knew i wasn't the most
talented and if i wanted to compete at
the highest level
that's what would be required
i love that and by the way it was so
cool that you shared the photos of you
with the eye patch and stuff in your
book i thought that was really neat
[Music]
how did you go in school you're being
bullied at one point um you see this
opportunity to get better
what do you start telling yourself or
doing to be able to
make pain your friend to push past it so
that you could begin to you know beat
other people at some point
it's almost like a deep meditative state
and it's a very one you know one-to-one
relationship between the pain that
you're willing to suffer and the
progress that you're going to make and i
saw swimming as my way forward and my
way out
and so
what that meant was
the more that i was willing to suffer
the more likely it would be that i was
going to create a positive trajectory
out of this painful scenario that i
found myself in and were you
vision boarding things i mean how were
you staying so tenaciously under your
goals
that you pushed that hard well swimming
is is a
is a sport
in which it's so individualistic and it
lends itself to setting very concrete
goals uh and those goals for me were
time standards i want to qualify for u.s
nationals oh i want to qualify for
olympic trials so i would have a vision
board where i'd literally write those
times out in very large block letters
with a magic marker and put them above
my bed or on my mirror
in my bathroom and constantly reminding
myself and reinforcing myself about why
i was doing what i was doing so
i don't know that i would have called it
a vision board at that time it was more
um
but it was it was more of a practice of
of
engaging in
in
in aspiration like i had pictures of all
my heroes and all of that and i think
uh intuitively i was looking towards a
better life for myself
um
when you went through getting sober
the amount of change that was staring in
the face was obviously just herculean
how did you leverage the pain in that
moment to make such profound change
fear
you know i was somebody who who
by the time i was 18 years old
was an individual had a lot of promise
and there was a lot of people very
invested in my future i was
graduating i graduated top of my class
in high school i got into all the
colleges i applied to all the ivy
leagues i was a top-ranked swimmer
competing at the very highest level
world rank the whole deal
and so my future looked very bright and
then alcohol got introduced to my life
and it was a very progressive
decline in
my aspirations and at the very end i was
a daily drinker i was
drinking vodka tonics in the shower in
the morning and hiding drinks throughout
the day and you know ending up in
blackouts and more than you know my fair
share of incomprehensible you know
demoralizing situations
and i burned every bridge that i had i
was virtually unemployable at the end i
was sleeping on a bare mattress in a
crappy apartment with no furniture in it
my options were
had been eliminated my life was
eviscerated my family didn't want
anything to do with me i'd lost my
friendships
i had no way forward
and i just continued to dig that hole
deeper and deeper and deeper until one
day i had that moment that you hear with
people who are in recovery that that
moment of clarity where i realized i
just couldn't live this way any longer
my elevator had you know gone down to
the bottom floor
and uh and the and and i met my pain
threshold you know back to the the this
thesis around pain like i had
um reached a point where i could no
longer tolerate the pain of my current
situation and the fear the pain
associated with the fear of change
was eclipsed by the pain that i was
feeling in that moment and that's what
motivated me to change i went to a
treatment center
where i lived for 100 days which is
pretty long time to be in a rehab center
and i did that because i knew if i
didn't get this right that my life was
done you know and so i took that
opportunity seriously i recognize that
despite the fact that i think i'm a
smart guy my best thinking had me
uh literally institutionalized
and that if i couldn't get a grasp on
how to live and develop some new skills
and and a new toolbox for how to
approach my life that
um that i was going to end up in jail or
i was going to kill somebody else or
myself
yeah
so few people make it to the other side
of that the really interesting part for
me is
the lessons that you learn in that about
pain because they come to your aid again
in the next phase of your life where now
your post
the drinking and you're overweight and
you're walking up the flight of stairs
and you think you're having a heart
attack and you said that was the moment
where you said and i remember you using
your hands like i knew if i could you
didn't say grab a hold but if i could
leverage this pain that i could make the
same kind of change that i had made in
going through rehab what what is
that like the thinking process or the
the mechanisms that you go through when
you have a big change in front of you
now you've done it multiple times is it
goal setting is it
imagining the world that you'll have if
you don't do it like what is that
process for you
that's a great question
i think
for me it's really anchored in
awareness and
presence you know on that staircase
i was able to really understand that i
was having an important moment in my
life
and the reason i was able to recognize
that was because
i
had that moment
so many years prior when i decided to
get sober it was a very specific moment
in time where i made a decision and that
decision set in motion a series of
events that changed my life so
completely that i couldn't imagine my
life had i not made that decision
and i was able to see and understand and
recognize that once again i was being
visited by
just such an opportunity it was
something that i could feel inside of me
and and i think it's because i'd learned
to be present to be aware of myself and
my environment
and one thing i always talk about is the
fact that
you know i'm not anything special with
this i think we're all
visited with moments like this in our
life that if we can develop that
the wherewithal to have the awareness
around the circumstances surrounding
whatever event it is
that you can leverage that crack you
know in the door to make some
significant changes
and i'm somebody who and i've heard you
talk about this before i'm somebody who
who when i make a decision like that's
it you know i can i can step over that
line or walk through that door and not
look back like i can be determined be
focused enough and diligent enough and
dedicated enough
to leverage those moments when i make
that decision to really make significant
changes that that stick and stand the
test of time now i have techniques and
tactics that i use to be able to pull
that off do you have similar
things like how do you make sure that in
those moments of weakness that you
actually keep going
i mean for me i try to keep it as simple
as possible
it's about making a decision when i make
a decision that decision is done i've
done it with diet i've done it with
fitness i've done it with my profession
and the more simple i can make it then
the easier it is to adhere
yeah that makes a lot of sense
now
going into
leveraging the pain and making it
something that allows you to do these
extraordinary
things physically how do you shift your
thinking about what the the pain is and
i know that you've said you agree with
goggins that when your brain taps out
you're really only about 40 of the way
there how do you tap into that other 60
percent
experience
uh you know we're so conditioned tom to
avoid pain
every message that we see every
billboard we see every advertisement
that we're exposed to
is telling us that happiness can be can
be purchased through comfort through
luxury through ease
um
and that's sort of implicit in that is
that that's how we find happiness and i
can tell you that i'm happiest and most
alive when i'm butting up against the
outer edges of my pain threshold and i'm
not afraid of it
and so when i start to feel that
sensation rather than shirk away from it
i realize that's an opportunity to
experience a heightened sense of myself
and my environment
to to really
be in a position where
everything else falls away and it's just
you
and your ability to take one step
forward
there's a purity to that
that again is another great teacher and
so in terms of techniques
i've just learned through experience
that just like david goggins says when
the signals that you're receiving are
telling you to stop that you don't
necessarily have to pay attention to
that that that you are capable of so
much more
if you can develop
the acuity the presence of mind and the
wherewithal to then take that next step
and when you're on the other side of it
to realize
you're still okay and you can take
another step and a whole your your
horizon extends and you realize that
there's a whole world of potential and
possibility available to you
that you weren't previously aware of
all right so i know it's happening in
the mind of the viewer listener right
now they're discounting you because
you're extraordinary they forget that
you said remember i was the kid with the
eye patch i did not take to anything
naturally athletically
that you know swimming was something i
had to outwork people they're forgetting
all of that already and they're just
thinking well it's rich roll he's lean
he's shredded he's been doing this for a
long time of course he can do it but
what i want to talk about is
take it out of the realm of the physical
the most interesting thing that i've
heard about you from you is
what happened when you wrote finding
ultra and you thought alright this is it
dumb being a lawyer here we go universe
give me some good stuff
and then it didn't quite play out like
that yeah no it definitely didn't i've
been a corporate lawyer for many years i
was a corporate lawyer during the period
of time that i wrote that book
and the book was successful and yet in
the wake of that
book being published and doing well
the phone didn't ring and i had uh let
my bar bar membership lapse and here i
was you know ready and available to
speak to the world and and uh be of
service and the opportunities just
weren't flowing it was a very difficult
time and it it tested me
um to my core i mean we almost lost our
house i had cars repossessed we couldn't
bear bills it was very emasculating
but i think the
the alchemy of going through that
has
been something that now allows me to
speak from a place of of greater truth
and and depth with what i do so i'm
grateful for the experience
i love that man and hearing you say that
i can tell that you really mean that but
i want to um paint the picture a little
bit more for people the part that really
hit me was when you said that you guys
couldn't even pay for your trash to be
taken away and they could that's when i
realized okay wait this wasn't like oh
things are tight
uh this was like we can't pay 60
for our garbage to be picked up and then
they come and like take the trash cans
away it was the worst
i mean it's so embarrassing
it was so incredibly emasculating yeah
we went through periods where we
literally
barely had enough money to put food on
the table and we couldn't pay hard we
couldn't pay to have our our trash
removed and they did they came and they
took the bins
and then we were compelled to then put
our trash in the back of our crappy uh
beat up
minivan and find an empty dumpster to to
to dump the to dump the garbage it was
it was not easy man
what do you teach your kids so like
bringing this all back to
looking at you is like this insanely
empowering example of how to use pain in
all of its forms like what do you teach
your kids about pain because they
watched that happen right and they
watched you push through and obviously
everybody knows you on the other side of
this already yeah so what do you teach
them like how do you help them assign
meaning to that hard time that you know
not being broken and continuing to push
yeah it's a great question so i have
four kids and it's something that was
very challenging as a parent and again i
keep using the word emasculating as
somebody who who you know is supposed to
be the head of household and and take
care of these sorts of things to be
unable to do that
was incredibly difficult
i've spoken to
my boys at length about this
and
as difficult as it was
it was an incredible learning experience
for them to understand that the world
doesn't know you anything
it quashed any sense of gen z
entitlement you know or anything like
that
and um i think it taught them
the value
of
of really what it means to pursue a
dream and what is required to see it
through
i think it would have split up a lot of
marriages or families
but we treated it like
a board game we're like okay how are we
going to do this like what's the plan
let's do it and let's try to have fun
with it and sort of
deplete all of the or sort of drain all
of the
anxiety and tension and fear that can
surround it and when you do that you
realize like
we're going to be okay
that's really extraordinary and
knowing how stressful that must have
been it yeah it's there are so many
powerful lessons to be learned in there
one thing i'd love for you to give to
listeners right now is
what did you do like what does and i'm
now i'm gonna conflate a couple things
that maybe you're better um
separate but you've talked about this
god of your own making
and then so you said your faith was
being tested in this time so you didn't
sell out you didn't like do some cheap
thing and this is what years were back
in like what 2000 like 2000 this was
like 2012 through 2014-15
yeah so it's not like going into
podcasting was like an obvious answer to
your problems back then
so
how did you stay true to the vision when
it it just i mean you're literally
getting picked apart down to not being
able to pay for your garbage
i worked my ass off and exploited every
opportunity that presented itself
i did a ton of speaking gigs for free i
did anything that was asked of me anyone
who would want to talk to me but it was
really just a function of showing up
working my ass off
saying yes and having a strong core
belief that i was on the right path
yeah i love it and being able to
keep pushing and that's the part that i
really hope people hear is that it's not
just sitting back and waiting for
something to happen no definitely not
you know it's trying everything you can
to like really make something but being
true to that mission and knowing what
you're trying to bring to the world
i think that's really extraordinary you
mentioned really early on this notion of
self-awareness
and i want to talk more about that so
one to have the kind of faith that you
had to keep pushing obviously you have
to have a lot of awareness around who
you are who you want to be what you want
to bring to the world
but
in going and getting
sober and then chasing that with the
kinds of physical activities that you do
which are
i always want to say the loneliness of
the long distance runner which is a
great film all about sort of the way
that you can get lost in your head as a
runner what are some things going
through sobriety um doing the distance
that you've learned about yourself that
are like encapsulatable
that's a great question
i think to answer that i i would preface
it by saying that
i was somebody who who for as long as i
could remember
was pursuing the traditional notion of
the american dream get into the best
college
study hard get into the best grad school
get the best job show up early stay late
partnership track
all of that right but that i'd never
really stopped to think
what is important to me like who am i
and like what am i here to express
and i didn't have answers for those
questions
all i knew was that i felt like i was
living someone else's life
and so my exploration
in sobriety and ultimately then in
ultra-endurance sports
was really
my personal method of trying to resolve
these issues for myself to try to learn
who i am i love that what advice do you
have for people that
are living somebody else's life
how do you help them
get awareness of that and then b once
they realize okay i'm living somebody
else's life and this is why
how do you help them figure out what
they really want for themselves it's an
inside job
you know one thing you talk about all
the time is goals setting goals and
being very clear about what those goals
are i think that that most people set
the wrong goals for themselves and it's
because they're disconnected from who
they are they are living someone else's
life or they're living a life that's so
disconnected from who they are it
becomes very difficult to set the right
goal so i think
in order to reconcile that you have to
look inward you know and that can be
different for everybody that can mean a
consistent meditation practice that can
mean therapy that can mean
uh
you know
starting to do yoga it can mean many
many things but
i think there's no uh
end run around
the very difficult long process
of really trying to be honest with
yourself about who you are what's
important to you
what you care about
and then beginning to breathe life into
those things
as frivolous as they may seem
to bring expression to the things that
that you do care about that that that
get you excited in the morning and that
doesn't mean you quit your job tomorrow
but the more you can uh
foster
something that
has personal importance to you i think
that's the first step in trying to
move past
whatever it is that's holding you back
whether it's professionally or or
personally
to being a more integrated authentic
version of yourself
yeah even hearing you talk about that it
really sounds like that inward
reflection has a spiritual edge to it i
don't know if you'd agree with that um
yeah you talked about in when you were
first going through
rehab that the counselor asked you are
you a spiritual being having a human
experience or a human having a spiritual
experience and i literally was like what
i don't understand and then you said and
i said what i don't understand yeah so
walk us through because i'm like i get
some context from having you know seen
you talk about this a lot
but like
help me make that like something i can
internalize
so yeah when i was in rehab i was asked
that very question i had the same
reaction that that you had i i i don't
understand what the question means let
alone have any ability to answer it but
i've i've since come to believe and and
truly believe that
we're all spiritual beings having a
human experience and i don't mean that
in any specific dogmatic sense certainly
not in any specific religious sense
but i do what i do mean by that is that
there's more
to this experience of being human then
meets the eye there's more to it than we
can possibly comprehend
and i think there are energies available
to us if we open our perspective
and become more curious about the world
than i think we're programmed to be
so for me that doesn't
i don't define that by any particular
specific spiritual approach other than
that it provides my
experience as a human being with a
little bit more awe and wonder than i
used to have
that's awesome
talk to me about letting go
that's like this really important
through line in your life
that's
resulted in this just incredibly
beautiful stuff happening to you
how like as a type a control freak yeah
how does one go about letting go it's
scary right terrifying yeah actually
wait i i don't experience it as fear
i experience it as suboptimal so now
maybe you can really help me because
that's the truth i fear if i let go it
just won't be done it's an assault it's
an assault to your worldview definitely
right and i relate to that you know as
somebody who as i explained earlier as a
young person i did the math and i
realized if i outwork everybody in the
pool
i can be as good as anyone else if i
outwork everyone in the classroom i can
graduate at the top of my class and get
into stanford and harvard and so my
world view
was informed through the prism of those
experiences which taught me
self-reliance is everything
don't
don't expect anybody to do anything for
you i'm the only one who can get it done
and if you just buckle down and go the
extra mile
you will solve the problem and you will
make your way in the world every success
that i had had in my life was a result
of my self-will why won't my self-will
solve this problem and that hole got
deeper and deeper and deeper until i was
a completely broken human being and
i had to raise my hand and ask for help
for the first time
and that forced me to start to think
about letting go and surrender in a new
way
and i've come to believe and understand
that surrender is a very powerful
courageous thing to do it's okay to say
you don't know it's okay to ask for help
i had to let go
of this operating system and step into
a sense that
perhaps there's a better way a greater
way that involves me saying
i can't control this
which was terrifying for me
but it is in that process that i allowed
people to help me
that i became open to a new way of
approaching my life that has made me
stronger more powerful more capable and
more successful than i ever thought that
i ever would be
if you had to define in a single
sentence what it means to be integrated
how would you define it
when you're when you're when you're
clear on your values and your actions
align with your values
that's very clear
that that's something that's really
interesting as you were talking about it
i had an intuitive understanding of like
what that would be in my language
um which i would say for me it's what
are the things that you want
and then are you actually acting in
accordance with that so like here are
the things that are my goals but they're
my goals because it's something that i
interested but why do you want what you
want
and if you can't answer that question
then you're not integrated
that's interesting tell me more
it goes back to what i was saying before
about people picking the wrong goals for
themselves because they're not
integrated they don't know what their
values are they're not clear on what's
important to them they're not really in
contact with their internal muse
you know one of the examples i always
give is this idea that
we all have
some unique song here to sing on planet
earth like i believe that and that
doesn't mean that everybody can be
lebron james
or that you have some insane talent
but i believe that there
is a unique blueprint to every
individual and our job here you know in
our short time on this planet i know
you're going to live forever but like
for everybody else uh is to discover
what that is
and to work towards expressing that to
the best of your ability you know we all
have a unique song
and i think most people to echo the
words of henry david thoreau are are
leading lives of quiet desperation and
go to the grave with the song still in
them and i find that tragic and so if
there's anything
that
that that my work is about it's about
helping people become cognizant of that
and to take action so that they don't
become
that person leading a life of quiet
desperation which i think i don't know i
wouldn't want to say most people but a
lot of people are and and i found that
heartbreaking
i loved that you opened your book with
that quote
i
that's one of the quotes that i've
probably repeated to myself
more times than just about anything else
because i've had moments in my life that
had been just quiet agonizing
desperation and so i know what that
feels like i i love that notion of
there's like interference and that you
have to clear it out to be able to hear
your intuition like what when you're
clearing that out
what is the um the thing that will then
happen for that person that will allow
them to begin to get integrated like
that clarity
right if you're if you're eating garbage
food if you're eating fast food and
you're not sleeping and you're you know
drinking five cups of coffee a day or
whatever it is you're doing and you're
stressed out about your job and you're
just living moment to moment to get
through the day
do you think that you're going to be in
touch with whatever is really important
to you you're just trying to like you
know hit the pillow at night and pay the
bills and that's most people
and if you give people
a minute to pause and reflect
and you can clear all of that out and
feed them healthy food and give them a
good night's rest and ask them questions
that most people aren't asking them and
they're certainly not asking them
themselves i think that's the process
that begins or sets in motion
the the gears in the mind and in the
emotional body
to begin to bring all of that to the
surface what are those questions now
like
needles over here
do you have like anything you start
people on to get that the juices flowing
to get the ball rolling
well it can be as easy as
you know what's your major malfunction
right now what's the thing that keeps
you up at night
who do you resent the most what are you
afraid of
what do you want to achieve what's in
the what's in what do you think is in
your way you know i think just by asking
people questions and and and
and then holding a vision
for that better life for them to say i
believe in you
i'm not here to tell you what to do or
how to live your life
but i believe in your greatest
expression and i'm gonna hold space for
you
to give people permission to be honest
to be vulnerable we're so afraid of
being vulnerable
we're terrified of being honest
we're so used to being judged and being
held to a standard that society sets for
us
that we don't give ourselves permission
to even ask these questions let alone
answer them
dude you should create like a
downloadable pdf or something like that
like that
simple questions but for somebody that
doesn't have like a place to start
that's really really powerful
all right before i ask my last question
tell these guys where they can find you
online
i'm easy to find online richroll.com the
rich world podcast wherever you listen
to podcasts and
rich role on twitter and instagram
all right my last question what is the
impact that you want to have on the
world
it's a great question
i
would like to
move the needle in a substantial
and long-lasting way for as many people
as possible with respect to not only how
they think about
and practice habits around food and
fitness and lifestyle
but to really catalyze people to
understand
that
like i said earlier
all of us every single one of us
is capable of so much more than we allow
ourselves to believe and i know that's a
theme on your show dave goggins talked
about it james lawrence talked about it
these are friends of mine who have
touched the outer realms of endurance
and ultra endurance teaches you that
it's easy to say i'm an outlier but i'm
not i really am not anything special i
had the courage and the audacity to
pursue these things and in so doing i
have realized
that
human potential is malleable we're all
sitting atop massive reservoirs of
untapped
potential and ability
and my dream and my goal and everything
that i do is oriented around getting
people to not only understand that but
connect with that and begin to practice
that to manifest that in their own
specific way
i love that more than you could know
rich thank you so much for coming on the
show that was awesome cool guys
when i say that you're going to want to
dive into this man's world you will not
regret it this is one of the most
extraordinary transformation artists
i've ever come across there is something
about people that fall into the ultra
endurance category they've tapped into
something in their mind it's not like
they start out as incredible athletes in
fact i think of all the people that
we've had on none of them have started
as extraordinary athletes all of them
have found it later all of them have
found it through hard work all of them
have had to realize that if they want to
become something extraordinary then
they've got to put in the work they've
got to just get in there and hustle but
what i love about rich is that sense of
spiritual transformation as well as just
the physical of really using that time
to figure out who he is what he wants
and the values
the fact that he lives by a code i'm
telling you rewind this play it again he
talks about values you have to know your
values what are your values what do you
really want and his understanding that
those things that you want they have to
be tied to your values okay that to me
once you understand that once you
understand that that has to be at the
core of your existence
then everything else gets easier but
first you have to know who you are you
have to know what you want you have to
know what you believe
and what you're going to live in
accordance with
that's so huge it drips all over
everything that he talks about
subscribe to his podcast it's absolutely
amazing but even more amazing than that
are the interviews that he gives so make
sure you track those down as well you
will be blown away let them change you
please take action on the stuff that
he's talking about it really will change
you and it will change you forever all
right guys if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary take care
rich thank you
amazing
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential